avoid exception when tabs are none in (#2530)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **is_valid_category** and **is_categories_field_match_standard** failed on private repo due to approved_list not imported.
* Fixed an issue where **validate** didn't fail on the MR103 validation error.
* Fixed an issue where **validate** failed when changing only xif file in **Modeling Rules**.

> * Fixed an issue where **format** failed when indicator file has None in tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **format** failed on indicator files with a `None` value under the `tabs` key.
```
